{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20 Hey guys,\par
\par
I've been asked to rework a breed for testplay called the Anima. It's kind of like the Revenant; I did some reworking already and below is what I have so far. I'd appreciate any critiquing or improvements you guys have about it so I can submit to Paradox and Cloud again.\par
\par
Thanks for looking at it,\par
\par
\par
--Steven\par
\par
\par
^v^     Anima     ^v^\par
\par
 ((LOCKED:  May only be created after you have an approved Mortal CS for no less than 30 days.  Approval must also be gained by writing ANT BB Mail. Or, Generation is allowed if you have played the game for 1 year with no unapproved breaks of more than 2 months))\par
\par
~ He sewed his eyes shut becase he is afraid to see/He tries to tell me what I put inside of me/He\rquote s got the answers to ease my curiosity/He dreamed a god up and called it Christianity/Your God is dead and no one cares/If there is a hell I will see you there/He flexed his muscles to keep his flock of sheep in line/He made a virus that would kill off all the swine/His perfect kingdom of killing, sufferring and pain\par
demands devotion in his own hypocrisy/your God is dead and no one cares/If there is a hell I will see you there burning with your God in humility/ will you die for this?~\par
\tab Heresy, NIN~Trent Reznor\par
\par
\tab Throughout the ages mankind have lived in fear and reverance of the Spirit world.  Ancestors have been looked at through time as guides and mentors to the families they belong to, on the other hand, many have shunned and feared spirits as demons and antagonists.  Spirits return to the world for various reasons, some to warn their loved ones, and others to bring them to the other side with them.\par
\par
\tab The Anima are the physical embodiment of purpose and devotion, their life let to deeds and tasks for the sake of loved ones or revenge.  Most Anima are dedicated to a certain emotion or tight knit group of emotions (i.e. hate, anger, revenge).  This purpose has allowed the anima a second chance at life, their purpose weaving their spirit into such a driven force as to give it physicality.\par
\par
The Becoming:  When a mortal dies, it usually passes on to another plane of existance.  However, when, certain things happen...certain things are left unfinished, the Anima are given a second chance.  The Anima must die in a way, leaving tasks unfinished.  The body and the spirit are seperated and the white tunnel appears.  However, for some reason, the Anima cannot pass through it and soon the tunnel closes, leaving the spirit trapped on this Earth.  An approved storyline is required to become an Anima.  Please note, the SL must be approved by the SL Dept. -before- your character dies.  This Breed is not to be used as an escape route if your character dies or if you suspect death, as per all Breed Changes requiring a SL you have 30 days in order to fulfill the requirements (Roleplaying and three (3) posts included on your Character Sheet) or the existing storyline becomes null and void.  Most changes to an Anima are a result of guidance from another existing one, taken in the form of them guiding you as you make the transition from the spirit world back to the land of the living.  In order to do this the existing Anima seeks you out and pulls you back, teaching you and guiding you.  This is done with 30 days of roleplaying after the characters death (Storyline makes the death occur) and the three required posts.  During this time your character is a ghost and cannot affect anything in the physical world, they are simply an observer.  When the time comes for you to cross over the existing Anima collects the items that will become your Anchors and gathers them, thenby focusing on the reality and physicality of those items he gives up a aprt of his purpose to bring you back.  The Anima must make a 2d6+Soul vs a TN of 14 in order to bring the new Anima into the world and solidify his spirit.  If this roll fails the subject is forced to spend another 30 days trapped in the afterlife, wandering and watching as he learns his focus.  Should the roll succeed, however, the new Anima gains physicality and manifests in purpose and destiny.  To this end, for this sacrifice the guiding Anima may select an Anchor to be removed without the loss of a Soul point (see RP requirements) and is one step further towards enlightenment.  (This creation post is required on the guides Character sheet as a link to the reolution of an Anchor).\par
\tab These Anchors are vital to the Anima\rquote s survival.  They are usually items that were significant in the Revenant's life.  It may be related to his or her task or simply something that was close to the his heart.  If the Touchstone is destroyed and his body is killed, the Anima loses his physical body and is doomed to wander, never to complete his task.  He is consigned for an eternity of endless, bodiless haunting.  If a Anima is more than 1 square mile from his Touchstone, he begins to lose Body at a rate of 1 point per hour.  If he returns to his Touchstone before he loses all of his Body, all Body points are returned instantly. If he does not return in time, then his body dies and he is trapped on this mortal coil forever.\par
\par
Mortality:  Immortal\par
\par
Means of Death: See Anima Lore Level 3 below.\par
\par
Means of Recovery: An unenlightened Anima will regain 1 point of body every three days.  So they will recover from a knife wound in a few days, but a shotgun would take 12 days, or a little more than a week.  A member of this breed receiving professional care will recover at 2x the normal rate.  So that's about 1 point every day and a half.  A knife wound would require a day and a half, while a shotgun would require 6 days.  While injured, the character may role-play as normal, but must role-play their injuries (i.e. a person shot in the side would have it bandaged up and be very sore).  Also, remember the healing process isn't necessarily complete at the point they recover.  It simply means their bodies have returned to a normal using condition.  They may still have scars, stiffness or short, sharp pains.  How the injuries are role-played is up to the player.  Fire Causes 2 points of body damage for every round in contact with the Anima.  This damage heals at a rate of one point per week.  Basic or Major Medical can be used to to heal or accelerate the healing of any injuries.\par
\par
Lore Level 1:  You have watched many Hollywood movies and that is where you get most of your knowledge from.  You understand that ghosts exist but only mediums can talk to them.  You also think that many ghosts are malevolent and evil, liking to throw things around and smashing objects around houses.  You believe that ghosts may be trapped to a place, forced to haunt it by night.  They often carry chains and rattle and moan out.  When things go bad, who ya gonna call?  GHOSTBUSTERS!\par
\par
Laurels:  Laurels have been used throughout history to repel evil spirits and those of the dead.  These are traditionally placed near or above a door to repel the spirit from the home or to bar its entrance.  However the way this truly works is that by holding the Laurel out and wilding it against the Anima.  The character must brandish the Laurel and concentrate, focusing their faith through the object to ward them off.  This requires a roll of 2d6+Soul+Faith vs. The Anima's 2d6+Soul+Faith.  If the character beats the Anima's roll they are successfull and the Anima must flee the scene for the next 4 rounds / 2 minutes.  Nothing will dissuade the Anima from fleeing until the duration wears off.  This is a blind panic and the only actions that the Anima may make are those that will allow them to escape quicker.  Should there be no place to run, the Anima will collapse to the ground, cowering in fear.  If this attempt fails however, the Anima can ignore any further warding attempts by the same character for the next 4 rounds / 2 minutes.  The failed use of warding enrages the Anima and they will attack the character as their next action however they are able.  You may not ward a member of your own breed.\par
\par
Lore Level 2: You have done an incredible amount of reading on the subject of ghosts.  You understand that they are lost souls trying to get in touch with lost ones.  They may or may not be tied to one certain place and that they have the ability to materialize in the real world for some time.  Some are malovelent but some are good, it all depends on the Anima.  When an Anima uses a mental mastery with you as the target within line of sight from you, roll 2d6+Mind+2 vs. a TN: 20.  It matters not if you know the characters breed - your mind will still attempt to defend itself from attack, even though your physical self had no realization of the process.  If you succeed, you recognize the ability and its effect, giving you a one time +3 to the resistance roll (if any) for that mastery.  (masteries requiring the demon use Will, Mind or Soul rolls only; cannot be used while in direct combat).\par
\par
Lambs Blood:  Lambs Blood has been used as a symbol of protection and purity for aeons, this symbol of sacrifice wounds the Anima gravely.  It takes 10 minutes to empower enough blood for 1 attack.  This empowering must be role-played in the main room for the entire 10 minutes for it to work.  The character may hold the blood in a container of its choice, however glass baubles are most common. To attack with the blood, the attacker must use the Throwing Skill as per a normal attack.  Only 3 attacks worth of Lambs Blood may be empowered at one time.  If the character attempts to make more than 3 attacks worth, the first amount looses its ability, etc.  The empowered Blood may only be used by the individual that created it.  The roll to empower the blood is 2d6+Soul+Faith vs TN 22.  This roll must be witnessed and approved my either a room host, ST or GM.  If an attack is successful, the Anima suffers 1 point of damage that cannot be healed supernaturally.  The Anima must heal the damage as if it was caused by fire.  That would mean each point of damage would take 1 week.  Major Medical is the only medical skill that will help the Anima heal faster at the maximum rate of x2.\par
\par
Lore Level 3: You have studied ghosts most of your life, and perhaps you've even known a few.  You have finally discovered the truth about ghosts.  You know they are tied to certain objects or people and that these people and objects are the source of their ability to remain on this world.  You know that there are different types of Anima, (i.e.: poltergeists, caspers, spirits, etc.) that they all do different things.   When an Anima uses a mental mastery with you as the target within line of sight from you, roll 2d6+Mind+3 vs. a TN: 20.  It matters not if you know the characters breed - your mind will still attempt to defend itself from attack, even though your physical self had no realization of the process.  If you succeed, you recognize the ability and its effect, giving you a one time +5 to the resistance roll (if any) for that mastery.  (masteries requiring the demon use Will, Mind or Soul rolls only; cannot be used while in direct combat).\par
\par
Sight Recognition: There are two methods of identifying an Anima.  Not the identity of the person, but the identity of the breed.  Only through long hours of study (and the prerequisite Lore level 3) are these methods possible.  The first is by physically seeing the true form of the Anima, which happens to be Eidolon  If you wish to identify the Eidolon as a breed, roll 2d6 + Mind vs. TN 14.  If the roll is successful, you have gathered enough knowledge to understand that you are actually looking at an Anima, and not some illusion of the eyes.  The second method is by observing the Anima transform either to or from Eidolon.  If this is physically witnessed and there is a Room Host, ST or GM, the observer automatically recognizes what others may think of as 'swamp gas' or 'light flashes' as a Demon.\par
\par
Rubbing the Bones:  The Anima is a spirit with a mission when it arises from the grave.  Their body is only now a manifestation of their purpose.  No matter how much physical punishment the body absorbs the Man Body resists returning before it's task is complete. Yet there is a way to free an Anima from this overwheliming sense of being.  The first step is to create a bone talisman using bone from a human corpse.  This talisman may take any shape but it must have a bloodstone set into it, this talisman will be used to draw the purpose and Spirit of the Anima into itself and hold it for eternity.  The Man Body must first be brought to the negative equivalent of its body stat. Once this is achieved, the Attacker must take lead nails and nail each hand and foot of the Anima to the ground, this frees the spirit of purpose from the Man Body.  After this is done the character must concentrate and focus their faith through the talisman to draw to freed spirit into it, this requires a roll of 2d6+Soul+Faith vs. TN 26. If the character succeeds, the next round the the Anima's Restless Soul is lulled into the Talisman. However, if a Revenant is reduced to negative Body, but his Anchor is intact, he will be unconscious until the following evening.  The only way to kill a Revenant is to locate his Anchor, destroy it, and then kill the body.\par
\par
Mandatory Role-Play Requirements  \par
\par
1) All Anima must choose a purpose that was unfinished in life.  This can be as much as to protect someone, Solve an unfinished task, or to harass someone you hated in life.  This purpose must be included in your SL and approved by the FD or SL Manager.  Characters may have multiple purposes if they desire but at least one of your purposes must be linked to your Anchor.\par
\par
2) Anima are not immaterial as classical ghosts are thought to be.  Their flesh and bone bodies are more resilient and stronger than any mortal's.  This is because they are fueled not by food, but by a spirit whose passion for life, for whatever reason, was stronger than the icy hand of death.  An Anima does not need to eat, sleep, or even breathe.  They do however need an Anchor, something that acts as a link between the land of the living and the hereafter.  It can be anything from a childhood toy, to a locket, or even a certain house or vehicle.   If the Touchstone is destroyed and his body is killed, the Anima loses his physical body and is doomed to wander, never to complete his task.  He is consigned for an eternity of endless, bodiless haunting.  If an Anima is more than 1 square mile from his Anchor, he begins to lose Body at a rate of 1 point per hour.  If he returns to his Anchor before he loses all of his Body, all Body points are returned instantly. If he does not return in time, then his body dies and he is trapped on this mortal coil forever.\par
\par
All Anima have connections with their previous life, these are called Anchors and solidify the Anima to this world.  All Anima have two Anchors that they must choose to hold dear to them (ST or FD Approval required).  The Anima cares for and protects these Anchors with a single minded determination for a good reason, should any of your anchors be destroyed (SL or ST Event required) Your character will permanently lose a point of Soul.  This lost point can be brought back up with XP only after a New Anchor has been found to replace the old one, showing a new puropse added to your existance.\par
\par
Special Abilities\par
If you have noticed, Eidolon has multiple Levels to it.  At creation the player may not raise this Ability with points in generation.  It can only be raised through experience, later.  Each level is purchased at next level x 5 for a total of 70xp for all levels.  These levels are not cumulative, you simply gain the bonuses for that level alone.\par
\par
Aura Sight - 0 Soul to use.  (##Aura Sight <Target>##)\par
System/Duration:  roll 2d6+Will vs TN 20 / 10 minutes; takes 1 round to activate.\par
Effect/Description:  An Anima can see the auras of those around them and with the above roll can decipher the meanings of these with relative ease.  With this power the Anima can determine the emotional state of the person he is looking at and can tell certain things such as if they are lying or if they have any mental disabilites or the general nature of the character.  Breeds and other such information cannot be determined.  When this ability is used successfully you may IM the other player and ask them one question about either their emotional state, if they are "touched" or their general disposition (hateful, evil, good natured, foregiving, lustful, etc..)\par
\par
Pain Channel - 0 Soul to use.  (##PainChannel##)\par
System/Duration: roll 2d6+Will vs. TN 15 (at Creation) / 2d6+Will vs TN 25 (Further contact)\par
The Anima exists on pain.  It was created by suffering and that is what sustains it for it's time back on earth.  Since the Anima  returns with no memories of it's past life, it can use this pain to trigger deep rooted memories, and instances.  The pain is what returns the Anima\rquote s memories.  [system: roll 2d6+Will vs. a target number of 15.  This is done at the time of a Anima\rquote s creation.  Every point scored over 15 represents the Anima\rquote s Pain points.  Pain points are mainly used as a way to measure the memories a Anima\rquote s has recovered, but also has other uses (see the Pain Focus mastery).  Every time the Anima encounters something from it's past (i.e. a house, a friend, a photograph, etc) it rolls 2d6+Will vs. a target number of 25.  For every point over 25 the Anima scores, it gains that many additional Pain Points.  If used in conjuction with Mind Scrye (see mastery) on a person, the difficulty is dropped to 15 for this roll.  (The player must keep careful count of these Pain Points.  Refer to the chart below for an example of the types memories that are returned as the character accumulates Pain).\par
\par
     Pain Points              Memory Recall Level                                                    \par
\tab 0-9\tab\tab Realizes it's purpose for having returned to Earth.\par
\tab 10-14\tab\tab Vague impressions of life and death.  Flashes of visions that \par
\tab\tab\tab really don't make sense.  \par
\tab 15-19\tab\tab Would recognize former residence.\par
\tab\tab\tab More memories.. Loves.. Knows how it died..\par
\tab 20-24\tab\tab Knows it's hobbies and interests.  Remembers Friends\par
\tab 25+\tab\tab .Complete Life Recall..\par
\par
Eidolon  - 0/-1 Soul to Use.  (##Eidolon##)\par
System/Duration:  NA / Scene; 1 round to Activate\par
Effect/Description: The Anima are Spirits that have taken on a physical form in order to perform a task or deed.  They can be injured like any other man yet they cannot return to the grave.  This power allows them to become what they truly are, a Spirit.  When an Anima takes this form they increase with supernatural strength and their mind takes on a serenity in their purpose.  When an Anima uses Spirit body they gain benefits as per what level they have below (New Anima have only level one Eidolon and can only raise it with XP).  Each level of this Ability show the Anima's ability to return to their Spiritual Body and leaving the trappings of the flesh.  As they progress in levels the Anima becomes less and less corporeal until he can finally become a full spirit again.  The Armor provided is taken from every attack against them each round, this symbolizes the fact that they are becoming more and more impervious to harm. This form looks identical to the Anima except for the slight bluish tint and translucent appearance. \par
\par
Level 1\tab\tab +1 Quickness, Level 1 Armor\par
Level 2\tab\tab +2 Quickness, Level 1 Armor\par
Level 3\tab\tab +3 Quickness, Level 2 Armor\par
Level 4\tab\tab +4 Quickness, Level 2 Armor\par
Level 5\tab\tab Totally Insubstantial - The Anima may only be affected by masteries with this level, physical objects pass through them easily and they can move through solid objects.  While in Eidolon the character may be affected by others in the Spirit world as if they are in the physical, however the process is reversed.  At Level 1 the Anima gains a +4 Quickness, Level 2 Armor from a Spirit (Spirit Form, Transcendance, etc.), at Level 2 Eidolon the character recieves a +3 Quickness, Level 2 Armor and so on, until at Level 5 they are on even terms.  For Anima facing off levels of Eidolon cancel each other out.  For Example:\par
\par
\tab Character One has Level 5 Eidolon and he is fighting Character Two with Level 2 Eidolon.  Character One has a +3 Quickness and Level two armor against Character two, who in turns has no bonuses against Character One.\par
\par
(Just a quick note about shape changing (all forms).  While an Anima is in another form, if its current Body falls to 0, the Anima will immediately change back to mortal form minus the damage it has already taken, leaving a minimum of 1 Body.)\par
\par
Mindspeak - 0 Soul to use.  (>>::target of Mindspeak:: message<<)\par
System/Duration:  NA/NA\par
Effect/Description: By concentrating on a chosen target, the demon is capable of speaking directly to the creature's mind.  Mortals are unable to return the thoughts.  The target must be within view of the demon attempting to communicate in this fashion.  Mindspeak can only be used to speak to one individual at a time.\par
\par
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~\par
\par
Masteries\par
\par
\par
Absorb Pain - 1 Soul to Use  (##AbsorbPain##)\par
Generation Cost: 15 Experience Cost: 75\par
System/Duration:  roll 2d6+Mind vs TN of 20 / 4 rounds or 2 minutes; 1 round to activate\par
Range of Effect:  Self\par
Effect/Description: The Anima is a creature attuned to pain...even to the point where physical pain will not hinder it's Quest, but in fact, fuel it.  The sensation of physical pain will at times spark memories of the Revenant's life and most often, it's death. All physical damage is added to the Revenant's Pain total.\par
\par
Chill the Man Body - 1 Soul to Use  (##Chill <Target>##)\par
Generation Cost: 10 Experience Cost: 50\par
System/Duration:  roll 2d6+Mind vs Victims 2d6+Body / Scene; 1 round to activate\par
Range of Effect:  LOS\par
Effect/Description: Everyone knows that the presence of spirits causes mankind to get chills.  With this power the Spirit can send icy chills through the victim causing them to be distracted and spooked.  The Chills will eventually work their way to the mind of the victim causing them to grow increasingly paranoid and terrified.  While this mastery is in effect the victim is at a -2 penalty to all rolls.\par
\par
Malfunction - 1 Soul to Use  (##Malfunction <Target>##)\par
Generation Cost: 10 Experience Cost: 50\par
System/Duration:  roll 2d6+Mind vs TN (see below) / Scene; 1 round to activate\par
Range of Effect:  LOS\par
Effect/Description: The spirit of a Anima is very strong willed and at times, he or she may focus its will toward technological devices, causing them to malfunction.  Can only be used on one item at a time.\par
Target numbers are as follows: 16 (Firearms and Cell Phones,) 20 (Computerized devices,) or 24 (Very complex technology - vehicles, etc..)\par
\par
Pain Focus - 1 Soul to use.  (##Poltergeist <object>##)\par
Generation Cost: 10 Experience Cost: 50\par
System/Duration:  roll 2d6+Will vs victims 2d6+Will; 1 round to activate.\par
Range of Effect: Touch and LOS\par
Effect/Description: The Revenant may focus it's pain in an intense mental attack.  It places it's hands on either side of the victim's head, staring into it's eyes.  With one round of concentration, the Revenant can send visions of it's pain directly into the mind of the victim. For every point the Revenant scores over the victim, 1 point of Body and 4 points of Mind are subtracted from the victim and 5 Pain Points are subtracted from the Revenant.  As the Pain Points are spent, the memories gained are also lost if the Pain Points drop below a previous level of Memory Recall.\par
\par
Poltergeist - 1 Soul to use.  (##Poltergeist <object>##)\par
Generation Cost: 10 Experience Cost: 50\par
System/Duration:  roll 2d6+Will vs TN (see below) / 4 rounds or 2 minutes; 1 round to activate.\par
Range of Effect: LOS\par
Effect/Description:  By concentrating on an object for a few moments, the Spirit is able to focus his inner strength, lifting and moving the object.  The difficulty of such feats depends on the object being lifted.  Objects may only be lifted and moved.  Guns cannot be made to fire with only the mind, however, you could "summon" the gun to your hand, and then fire.  The player may move any object about.  There is not enough control to use this to attack someone.  For example, with a knife.  The distance moved per round is 10 yards.  TN's are:  For every ten pounds (rounded up) the object weighs, increase the difficulty by one from a base of 10.  Thus a 15 pound object would require a TN of 11, while a 260 pound object would require a TN of 35.  If the Spirit attempts to pick up a living...or undead creature, the roll will be vs. the victims 2d6+Will.  If the target 'wants' to be lifted or moved, then the roll is based on the targets weight.\par
\par
Replenish - 0 Soul to use (no room command needed)\par
Generation Cost: 20 / Experience Cost 100\par
System/Duration:  NA/NA\par
Range of Effect: Self\par
Effect/Description:  When this Mastery is purchased it is seen that the Anima Enlightens and their purpose is strengthened.  The Anima now gainsan incredible natural healing ability.  Any wound caused to the Anima will heal at the rate of 1 Body per hour the character rests.  If the character takes any strenuous action, the healing is disrupted and the hour starts over.  A Room Host must be notified when you claim your Body point back.  Wounds created by Chrysanthemums cannot be healed by this mastery.  Wounds from sunlight or fire heal at the rate of 1 Body per day and only when the character sleeps.  If the character is woken up before the day is over, the healing process is disrupted and they do not regain their point (which means they cannot role-play until the damage is healed).  The damage from an attack that removes a limb heals at the normal rate, but the player must role-play the limb slowly growing back.  (Length of time for the limb to regenerate is determined by the Forum Director.)\par
\par
Shroud - 1 Soul  (##Shroud##)\par
Generation Cost: 10 Experience Cost: 50\par
System/Duration:  roll 2d6+Will vs TN 26 / 4 rounds or 2 minutes;1 round to activate.\par
Range of Effect: Self\par
Effect/Description:  By using this trick, the Spirit creates a radius of silence that has a maximum radius of ten feet.  No one can hear anything that goes on within the radius, whether it be talking, yelling or gunshots, unless they pass through the invisible barrier.  Nor can those inside hear what transpires on the other side of the barrier, unless they pass through themselves.  The Shroud also effects Mindspeak.  \par
\par
Spirit Sight - 1 Soul to use.  (##Sight##) \par
Generation Cost: 15 / Experience Cost: 75\par
System/Duration:  NA / 4 rounds or 2 minutes; takes 1 round to activate.\par
Range of Effect: LOS\par
Effect/Description:  By harnessing their natural ability to see the auras of those around them the Anima can can detect its surroundings by "seeing" with their spirit eyes.  With this ability, they can effectively "see" in a 360 degree radius and can see through any form of hiding mastery (i.e. Dispas, Shadow Manipulation, etc.) and anyone in any sort of spirit form (Spirit Form, Transcendance, etc).  This mastery only works within a 50 foot radius outside or a single room inside.\par
\par
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~\par
\par
Anima:  Where do Spirits go when the body dies?  These are certainly the wrong people to ask, they never had the chance to find out.  Anima are the Spirits of those that passed on before they could finish a last task or purpose.  They are the physical embodiment of that desire to carry on.  \par
\par
Should you decide to become an Anima you must Role-Play a strong desire or purpose for at least 30 days before your character dies (requiring an ST'd Event or an approved SL) or meet the requirements below.\par
 \par
Requirements for Change:  Should you decide to become an Anima you must Role-Play a strong desire or purpose for at least 30 days before your character dies (requiring an ST'd Event or an approved SL).  If another Anima brings you back from eternity you must complete three posts and include that PC's name and the links to those posts on your Character sheet when you Breed Change.\par
\par
Stat Changes:  +1 Mind, +1 Soul\par
Maximums: Body (13), Mind (14), Soul (14)\par
\par
Special Abilities: Aura Sight, Healing, Mindspeak, Spirit Body\par
\par
\tab\tab\tab  A\tab\tab B\tab\tab  W \tab\tab  V\tab\tab  P\tab\tab  L\tab\tab  An\tab\tab  D\par
Body \tab\tab (13)\tab\tab (14)\tab\tab (15)\tab\tab (14)\tab\tab (12)\tab\tab (12)\tab\tab (12)\tab\tab (14)\par
Mind \tab\tab (14)\tab\tab (13)\tab\tab (12)\tab\tab (15)\tab\tab (15)\tab\tab (15)\tab\tab (14)\tab\tab (12)\par
Soul \tab\tab (14)\tab\tab (14)\tab\tab (14)\tab\tab (12)\tab\tab (14)\tab\tab (14)\tab\tab (15)\tab\tab (15)\par
\par
Attack*\tab\tab (27)5\tab (36)1\tab (36)1\tab (35)2\tab (30)3\tab (27)5\tab (26)6\tab (29)4\par
Will* \tab\tab (48)2\tab (46)3\tab (38)7\tab (42)6\tab (50)1\tab (50)1\tab (43)5\tab (45)4\par
Quickness*\tab (27)3\tab (28)2\tab (29)1\tab (26)4\tab (26)4\tab (26)4\tab (27)3\tab (29)1\par
Inits*\tab\tab (43)4\tab (42)5\tab (44)3\tab (40)4\tab (44)3\tab (44)3\tab (45)2\tab (49)1\par
Dodge*\tab\tab (46)4\tab (42)6\tab (50)1\tab (49)2\tab (38)8\tab (41)7\tab (48)3\tab (43)5\par
\par
* includes bonuses for Fighting Masteries at Lvl 12\par
\par
(A) Anima, (B) Belam, (W) Werewolf, (V) Vampire, (P) Psychic, (L) Lamia, (An) Angel, (D) Demon\par
\par
Fighting Mastery Styles (3 damage)\par
\par
Form                       Bonus (at levels 4, 8 & 12)\par
Purpose ~ Anima       +1 Initiative Modifier, +2 Dodge Modifier, +2 Will Modifier\par
\par
Purpose: Anima aren't particularly fond of fighting, however,when forced to fulfil their purpose their drive is second to none in outright determination.  When an Anima comes down to fighting they are tenacious any unyielding, usually this only occurs when defending their purpose.\par
}
 